docs: update readme (#5)
approvers/stylelint-config-scss: README.md

# stylelint-config-scss

![test](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/workflows/test/badge.svg)

> The shareable SCSS config for stylelint.

Extends [`stylelint-config-standard`](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint-config-standard), enables [`stylelint-scss`](https://github.com/kristerkari/stylelint-scss).

Use it as is or as a foundation for your own config.

> To see the rules tha this config uses, please read the [config itself](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/blob/master/index.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the rules that this config uses, please read the [config itself](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/blob/master/index.js).
```

Author: [`6ea859c`](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/pull/5/commits/6ea859c7bec08804f198410b766b2eae1caa2181)で修正

# stylelint-config-scss

![test](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/workflows/test/badge.svg)

> The shareable SCSS config for stylelint.

Extends [`stylelint-config-standard`](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint-config-standard), enables [`stylelint-scss`](https://github.com/kristerkari/stylelint-scss).

Use it as is or as a foundation for your own config.

> To see the rules that this config uses, please read the [config itself](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/blob/master/index.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
About the rules which is used this config, please see the [config itself](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/blob/master/index.js).
```

Author: [`f56b636`](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/pull/5/commits/f56b63679670eea540b13bc07121ebc332aecf2b)で修正

## Installation

```shell script
# stylelint and stylelint-scss are peer dependencies for this package.
npm install stylelint stylelint-scss @approvers/stylelint-config-scss
```

## Usage

> You just set your `stylelint` config to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All you need to do is to set your `styleint` config to;
```
こっちのほうがわかりやすいかな

Author: [`f56b636`](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/pull/5/commits/f56b63679670eea540b13bc07121ebc332aecf2b)で修正、`stylelint`はtypoじゃないので未修正です。

それと`to;`にするならと37行目のダブルコロンもセミコロンに変更しました。

Reviewer 2: ア！！！！！！！！！！！！！１！！！！！！１１１１１１！！！！！！！！！１

Reviewer 2: これは私のtypoです、申し訳ない

```json
{
  "extends": ["@approvers/stylelint-config-scss"]
}
```

### Extending the config

> Simply add a `"rules"` key to your config if you want overrides and additions there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to override and add rules to your config, simply add the `"rules"` key there.
```

Reviewer: 少し sugguest を修正しました, すいません

Author: [`f56b636`](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/pull/5/commits/f56b63679670eea540b13bc07121ebc332aecf2b)で修正

> For example, turn off `at-rule-conditional-no-parentheses` rule, and turn on `dollar-variable-default` rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, turn `at-rule-conditional-no-parentheses` rule off and turn `dollar-variable-default` rule on:
```

Author: [`6ea859c`](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/pull/5/commits/6ea859c7bec08804f198410b766b2eae1caa2181)で修正

Reviewer: ちょっと修正が私の意図と違います, and の前のカンマが余計かと

Author: 見落としてました…[`acc7334`](https://github.com/approvers/stylelint-config-scss/pull/5/commits/acc73340df035ff05b3acc1a758d61f08ea13c0c)で再修正
